README.md, before:

# Getting up and running : Quick Notes
-Create database on your machine "fish_finder"

-Create your own venv

-Activate your venv and then $ pip install -r requirements.txt  (Make sure to put path to file if terminal is not in that folder)

-Inside the first fish_finder_project folder, next to the manage.py create a .env file

-Inside that file line 1: env=dev 

-Line 2: django_secret_key='Replace me with real key'

-Pip install djangorestframework

-With terminal in that root folder where you can see manage.py run $python manage.py makemigrations fish_finder_app

-Run $ python manage.py migrate

-Set your terminal to fish_finder_frontend so you can see package.json

-Run $ npm install

-Run $ npm run watch

-Back in terminal in folder that manage.py run $ python manage.py runserver

-If all went right you should be able to open localhost:8000 and see the homepage



Map Notes:

- npm i @react-google-maps/api

- Google Maps Api key is in the .env file, just copy whole line of code and insert into Catch Map page to load the map

Commit message:

created testuser and updated readme

README.md, after:

# Getting up and running : Quick Notes
-Create database on your machine "fish_finder"

-Create your own venv

-Activate your venv and then $ pip install -r requirements.txt  (Make sure to put path to file if terminal is not in that folder)

-Inside the first fish_finder_project folder, next to the manage.py create a .env file

-Inside that file line 1: env=dev 

-Line 2: django_secret_key='Replace me with real key'

-Pip install djangorestframework

-With terminal in that root folder where you can see manage.py run $python manage.py makemigrations fish_finder_app

-Run $ python manage.py migrate

-Set your terminal to fish_finder_frontend so you can see package.json

-Run $ npm install

-Run $ npm run watch

-Back in terminal in folder that manage.py run $ python manage.py runserver

-If all went right you should be able to open localhost:8000 and see the homepage


# Map Notes

-npm i @react-google-maps/api  ***OR run $npm install 
-Google Maps Api key is in the .env file, just copy whole line of code and insert into Catch Map page to load the map

# Test User Notes
-Loaddata for a default test user that you can actually login and signout with
-username: testuser  password: password
